Tell me about your experience with the editor.
The editor is almost exactly as you expected. I think it's really useful and he likes to use it & it's liberating. I don't have to solve 


How was this design process different from your usual practice?
It was more rapid. Maybe was relying a bit too much on it. Many iterations, more random stuff, patch it up, more random stuff.

How satisfied are you with the design(s)?
Fairly satisfied, never made Sokoban levels.

How original do you think are the levels?
Nothing quite like you create it.

How did you experience the functionalities of the editor?
...

Did it hinder you to do anything and if yes what was it?
Yea it hindered you by keeping it all in the head. So many transformations, clicked on something and already forgot  => Usually never happens when designing levels yourself.

Can you tell me how you experienced the interaction with the editor?
Pretty good, but I really disliked that the transformations moved around left and right which was distracting. The show complexity was quite nice => gives you expectations without solving them.

How useful were the suggestions by the system? How did they help you?
Any suggestion that isn't just trashing the old ideas is good.

Did you think that the system pointed you in different directions than you intended?
No, not really. If it did I knew exactly why it pointed me that way and I could correct it.

In your view, how did the system make the suggestions? 
It placed random blocks according to the transformations.

Can you reflect on how your behaviour impacted the suggestions of the system?
Modify and leave buttons that impacted it.

How much did you feel the system understood your aim?
Didn't really understand it it's just a tool.


How would you characterize the tool within the design process?
Good starter. Not a jack of all trades.

How well did the scores for the difficulty of the level match your estimation?
It matched quite well, it seemed like big walks is difficult.

Did a suggestion inspire you without you clicking on it?
Yea, exactly what happened in the end.

Would you use such a system in your work practice and when?
Maybe. Depends on the game.

Where do you see the potential of such systems and where the limitation?
The limitations are it's judging abilities.

Do you have any thoughts you would like to add?
No. 




